# hello-world
Repository for GitHub tutorial

Hi fellow humans - Samantha here. The tutorial instructions told me to write a little about myself, but not sure where to start. What would I want someone who finds this file to know about me? 

I am still working on my coding skills, as it is something I've been learning as I go to make my job easier and get better at what I do. From a young age, I knew I wanted to be a teacher. I don't remember ever wanting to be anything else. At least not until I was 20-something years old and realized that after ending up at a college that didn't actually offer a degree in education, that what I really wanted to do was social work, or more specifically child welfare. Well, long story short, you guessed it, I didn't end up going into social work, either. One month after I graduated from college, I started at a nonprofit focused on improving the lives of youth in America. Two months into my time at the nonprofit, I was asked to join meetings on the discovery and wireframing processes for our new websites (we were splitting one website into two and doing a complete redesign of one website and designing the other to appear totally separate from the first) . From there, I slowly became more and more involved in the creation, development, and maintanence of the new websites. Although I was still on a different team, I spent between 20% and 75% of my time on digital work. 

At some point, our entire digital team left and I was the only one left at the organization who knew how to manage our websites. Thankfully, the world seemed to know that I belonged doing digital work of some sort, long before I reached the same conclusion.  This opportunity to step up and manage the website for a bit led my superiors to make me a permanent member of the digital team. Skipping ahead a couple of years to the pressent day, I am now one of three core members of our digital team, and am in charge of web enhancement project focused on recombining our two websites (the ones the org was splitting apart during the discovery and wireframing meetings I joined shortly into my time at the organization). It's been a huge undertaking, but I've loved almost every moment of the experience. We've been forced to address major issues with the taxonomy, structure, and design of the previous iterations of the site created during the previous website project while trying to keep the project to the scope of a "enhancement" not a "redesign." It definitely hasn't been an easy project; I've faced countless challenges, occasional setbacks, and learned more than I ever expected during this project. 

(NEED TO WRITE MORE WHEN I HAVE MORE TIME)
